---
layout: papers
title: 'Qubits'
---

## **1â€‚Introduction: Breaking Free from Superposition** Standard quantum

computing hinges on the idea that a qubit remains in **superposition**â€”a mix of
possible statesâ€”until measured. This assumption drives interference-based
algorithms like Groverâ€™s search and Shorâ€™s factoring. However, within the
**tick-fractal framework**, superposition is not a **usable resource** beyond
**0.6 ps**. Reality can never meaningfully interact with an uncollapsed qubit
because no measurement mechanism can harness an intermediate tick state. Instead
of pursuing extended coherence times, we propose a **radically different
approach**: Quantum power does not emerge from maintaining superpositionâ€”it
arises from **spatial entanglement within the 0.18 mm tick envelope**. --- ##
**2â€‚Tick-Limited Qubits: A New Quantum Paradigm** ### **2.1â€‚The classical
assumption (superposition-driven computation)** In the conventional quantum
model: - A qubit exists in $$|\psi\rangle = \alpha|0\rangle + \beta|1\rangle$$
until measured. - Computation leverages interference between mixed states. -
Algorithms exploit **long coherence times** to manipulate probability waves. But
in our framework: - A qubit remains coherent **only inside a single tick**
($$0.6\;\text{ps}$$). - No measurement system can harness a state beyond this
window. - Superposition ceases to be a computational resource. Instead, the true
power lies in **spatially entangled qubits across the 0.18 mm tick envelope**.
--- ### **2.2â€‚Harnessing Quantum Power via Spatial Entanglement** If
**superposition cannot be manipulated**, how do we engineer useful quantum
logic? The answer lies in **synchronized qubits spanning the 0.18 mm
entanglement scale**. Rather than attempting to control an **individual qubit**,
we entangle a collective register that functions as a **macro-qubit**, meaning:

- Multiple qubits, entangled across $$dx_{\text{tick}} =
0.1798754748\;\text{mm}$$, behave **as one**. - This synchronization enables
  **collective computational coherence**, where entangled states act in unified
  logical operations. - **Quantum speed-up emerges from spatial coordination**
  rather than prolonged coherence. --- ## **3â€‚Implications for Quantum Hardware**

### **3.1â€‚Redefining Qubit Gates** Since superposition is **not** a functional

resource beyond $$0.6\;\text{ps}$$, quantum gates must be **redesigned** to work
within the tick-bound entanglement window: - **Standard gates (Hadamard,
Pauli-X, CNOT) must shift focus from time-domain operations to spatial
synchronizations.** - Entanglement coupling **inside the tick scale** must
replace interference effects. ### **3.2â€‚Error Correction Without Coherence-Time
Dependencies** Current quantum error correction assumes coherence times must be
**maximized** to allow error mitigation. Under the tick-fractal framework: -
**Errors are corrected purely within synchronized spatial registers**,
eliminating time-based decoherence tracking. - **Quantum memory must store
correlations over the tick-grid rather than extended periods.** This simplifies
error models while making quantum memory **more deterministic**. --- ##
**4â€‚Theoretical Foundations and Predictions** ### **4.1â€‚Tick-Qubit Scaling vs.
Conventional Qubit Scaling** | Model | Standard Quantum Computing | Tick-Fractal
Qubit System |
|-------|----------------------------|---------------------------| |
**Computational resource** | **Superposition** (mixing states) | **Spatial
entanglement** (macro-qubit coordination) | | **Limitations** | Decoherence in
ms-scale | Tick-bounded coherence at $$0.6\;\text{ps}$$ | | **Key advantage** |
Interference-based processing | Synchronized entangled register processing | ###
**4.2â€‚Experimental Verification** 1. **Probe entanglement coherence limits at
0.18 mm scales** using superconducting qubits or trapped ions. 2. **Measure
synchronization effects in lattice-coupled qubits**â€”does a register behave as a
unified macro-qubit across the entanglement region? 3. **Detect loss of
superposition beyond 0.6 ps**â€”validating that no accessible computational handle
exists for collapsed tick-states. --- ## **5â€‚Conclusion: A New Quantum Model
Without Superposition** â€¢ Standard quantum models assume qubits **retain
superposition** until measured. â€¢ Under the **tick-fractal framework**,
superposition ceases beyond **0.6 ps**, meaning **no usable mechanism can
interact with uncollapsed states**. â€¢ Instead of manipulating qubits
individually, **we leverage collective entanglement across the 0.18 mm scale**,
treating an entire synchronized register as a **macro-qubit**. â€¢ This demands a
**complete shift in quantum gate design, error correction methods, and
experimental validation**. If verified, this marks **one of the most fundamental
shifts in quantum computing**â€”replacing the elusive manipulation of
superposition with **tick-coherent entanglement as the true computational
resource**. --- ### **Next Actions** - **Refine gate logic equations** using
spatial synchronization constraints. - **Draft an experimental proposal** to
test entanglement coherence over tick-fractal lengths. - **Formalize tick-qubit
computation theory** for peer review. This paper positions **tick-fractal
quantum logic** as a falsifiable framework, ready for empirical validation.
Letâ€™s push forward. ðŸš€
